As I queue here at the bank, 
my mind goes wand'ring like the tank
that, stolen, rampaged San Diego, 
mashed some cars like baked potatos,
knocked down poles and fire hydrants, 
back in 1995.

The thief, they said a jobless plumber,
grabbed the craft and pulled a runner
down the streets on top of traffic,
smashing, crashing, wreaking havoc,
to run amok ignoring sirens
on the last day of his life.

So, anyway, I stand and wait,
and as I do I contemplate
the lives of folks and all their capers
that get their names in all the papers.

And while I'm standing here in line, 
it seems to me that Michael Jackson
dangling his baby Blanket 
from the balcony on four
did not ever stop to think 
about all of the media stink
at little Jr on the brink
of reaching abruptly the floor.

<end>

I sit here eating a burrito, 
wondering why it looks pink.
My stomach churns, I feel uneasy. 
Suddenly extremely queasy,
I barely make it, not so easy, 
to throw it all up in the sink.

<end>

Two monkeys dance a wild tango
'round the jungle, hither yon,
together faster than they can go
alone through the Amazon.
They crash right through some prickly bushes,
gallup off a precipice.
Sprawling, falling, cold wind rushes
in their ears, all hope is gone.
They should have looked where they were going,
but the monkeys won't be missed.

<end>

It's late! Go to bed! My inner voice cries.
Put pillow to head! Close lids over eyes!
If you don't get down, you'll never get up!
You need to sleep NOW, so don't make a fuss!
You know that I'm right, and I am just you!
So what I am saying is what you must do!
Stop! Sleep! Put that down! Quit browsing the news!
Your laptop and phone blast your eyes with blues!
I read that that's bad, which means you did too!
So hit the lights and blank the screen.
It's time to lose yourself in dream.

<end>

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonet

9. A farmer works for years in the fields
8. by carthorse hooves and steel plough wheels
7. grinding ground to greater yields
6. from birth until she keels.
5. To market she wields
4. with "Farm Fresh" seals
3. veg unpeeled.
2. Who'll deal?
1. We'll.

<end>

Eat a pickle, chew a pickle, smoke a pickle, blow a pickle
Plant a pickle, grew a pickle, took a pickle, owe a pickle
Slice a pickle on the table with a scalpel, surgeon's practice
Put a pickle in a pot of sandy soil, prickless cactus
Whisper secrets to a pickle, cold and green and wetly glistening
Pickle doesn't care what you said, not so very good at listening

<end>

Summer fling with a beautiful woman--
borrowed kisses, park benches, talking 'til dawn, holding hands.
Must not last long, says the beautiful woman.
Can't continue on, says the beautiful woman.
My boyfriend's coming home, says the beautiful woman,
and there's a very good chance that he won't understand.

<end>

I found a dirty dollar on the ground.
I guess it's kinda fortunate that I was looking down.
It's not enough to buy a coffee now,
but every one I find just gets me closer to the line
of lifting up the weight that bends my crown.
A tiny bit, but still it counts somehow?
This ragged bill, with little grace, unexpectedly misplaced,
abandoned on its grimy face and sitting in this filthy space,
until I find it, pick it, pocket,
transport, carry, escort, walk it
home to wash it, dry it, lay it,
and one day soon I'll spend or pay it.
